NARRATOR:
Previously on Sons of Anarchy:
JAX:
I got this.
Juice. Get the kit.
[MOANING AND GASPING]
[DARVANY SCREAMS]
I gotta know,
that was your call?
No.
JAX:
I'm here to make you an offer.
Galen O'Shay.
I will deliver him with
a shipment of guns
open and shut.
What's in it for you?
Immunity for the MC
for all gun charges.
You need to look
at Tara's case again.
I want your deal.
I'm sorry.
That deal's no longer
on the table.
There are other
things pending.
LIN:
You're getting out of guns.
We should have that business.
This is our territory.
We own it. We deserve it.
Yeah, that feels good.
They work even better on flesh.
Put it down! Down!
No way Lin's gonna believe
we didn't plan this.
We burn the Chinese, things
are gonna jump off in Oakland.
Then we lose the balance.
Clay's trial has been moved up.
They transport him tomorrow.
Gonna need some help.
Shit.
MAN:
This is 040,
we are under attack.
GEMMA:
Bobby's been shot. It's bad.
Good job, Jackson.
I guess you had another
vote I wasn't privy to.
Yeah, we did.
This time it was unanimous.
CONNOR:
What the hell did you do?
We killed the man
that killed your men.
That's what
you'll tell the Kings.
Did you murder
them all?
I am giving you
the truth you need.
The only story
that protects both of us.
TYNE:
Those other complications
I had pending are now off
the table, which means
I've decided to take
you up on your offer.
In exchange for
your cooperation against the MC
you'll get immunity
from Pamela Toric's murder.
If I pulled a bullet
out of a club member
from today's shooting,
would that be proof?
TYNE:
With your testimony, yes.
You only have one
chance at this, doctor.
JAX:
I'm sorry you lost a man.
Anything that gets in the way
of the cause
is just collateral damage
to the IRA.
Don't insult me.
That wasn't just the IRA.
You knew all about
Clay Morrow's transport.
That's what that wild
gun-chase was all about,
to divert my manpower.
And without that diversion,
you'd have had a lot
more dead sheriffs.
You expect me to believe
that your lies
and bullshit maneuvering
was to protect my people?
JAX:
Believe what you want.
I did everything
I could to make this work.
Well, clearly,
it didn't work for everyone.
What happened to
Morrow and O'Shay?
Why take such a huge risk,
just to kill each other?
Clay and Galen got 20 years
of history together.
Lot of deals, both on
and off the IRA table.
Now, my guess is whatever deal
they had set up went bad.
There's a lot of that
going around.
I know it's not the way
you wanted it
but from what
I've seen on the news,
I delivered everything
I promised.
KG-9s, IRA supplier
local gun dealer.
I held up my half
of the deal.
You're a very smart man,
Mr. Teller.
I can see how you've risen
to your rank.
Unfortunately,
I inherited it.
Mm, we all have a destiny.
Maybe.
We have to finish
our investigation.
Then I'll decide if
you kept your end of the deal.
Yeah.
How'd that go?
She knows
she got played.
She also knows
she got what she needed.
We gotta wait
and see how it lands.
Yeah.
Well, I got ahold of Connor
told him to take the guns
to Wahewa.
Okay.
You good?
Yeah.
MONTEZ: Ready, boss.
I'm all over it.
Like jizz on his mama.
Hey, my mama is dead,
man.
That won't stop him.
TIG: Let's go, Tattoo.
MONTEZ: Blow me, boss.
Oh. Thank you.
You need anything else?
No. I'm fine.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
All right, let me know.
Okay.
Hello?
TYNE: Good morning, doctor.
Uh, good morning.
I've been able to arrange
a meeting with the ATF.
They'll be able to facilitate
Federal Witness Security.
We'll process through RICO.
We can give you everything
you and your family need.
Okay.
How?
You'll need to come to
my office with the evidence.
I can't do that.
Why?
I have escorts.
Your hospital office,
can you make that work?
I think so.
Where are you now?
I'm about an hour away.
[BOBBY MOANING]
I'll call you
when I'm close?
Do you have the bullet?
Yes.
Um, I have to go.
[SIGHS]
[BOBBY GROANING]
BOBBY: Hey.
Hi.
How are you feeling?
[SCOFFS]
How do I look?
Like you've been shot.
[BOBBY CHUCKLES,
THEN MOANS]
Oh. Shh.
[BOBBY EXHALES]
Thanks, doc.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
GEMMA:
Come on in.
Morning.
Can you get those?
Oh, yeah, sure.
Ah!
Godda--
GEMMA:
It's hot.
Ahem. Thanks.
GEMMA:
There you go, baby.
Where's your Latin lover?
With the whores.
Really?
Oh, Christ, relax.
Hey, babe.
Ready for some scrambled eggs?
Abel?
Are you okay, buddy?
Where's Mommy?
Did you talk to him?
I spoke to Roarke.
He didn't say much.
The BBC have picked up
on the story.
I gave him the details on
how it went down.
And what about August?
CONNOR:
We didn't have time
to get into it.
They had some duck
and cover work to do.
Okay, well, let me know
when you talk.
CONNOR:
Aye. Hopefully soon.
Think you've got enough
protection around here?
Aye. Hugh and Malloy.
You really think the Chinese
will try and hit us here?
Lin finds out Galen was killed,
he might make a move.
Your guns will be safe
at Wahewa.
I'm gonna see everything
coming and going at the barn.
All right.
CHIBS:
Later, Con.
Aye.
Hey, man.
Hey, brother.
Jax wanted us to come by to make
sure the guns got here safe.
NEIL:
Aye.
Everything's safe and sound.
Yeah.
All of them?
NEIL: Everything but the KG-9s.
Cool.
TIG: Thank you, gentlemen.
Really?
Sorry about that.
No.
Not the hair, man.
Not the hair.
Come on.
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
♪ Riding through this world
All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul
You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's path
Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life
In the eye ♪
I'm assuming you saw the news
about what happened to Galen?
I did.
Was that you?
It couldn't be helped.
LIN:
Unfortunate.
Is my guy in the van?
[LIN SPEAKS IN CHINESE]
[MAN SHOUTS IN CHINESE]
LIN:
Where are the guns
and Galen's men?
TIG:
This couldn't be
helped either.
Do you understand
how vengeance works?
The satisfaction
comes from the doing.
They killed one of my men,
almost killed my nephew.
I need to do something
to make it right.
We got you the guns.
With Galen dead,
the Irish are hurt.
[SPEAKS IN CHINESE]
I don't want them hurt.
I want them gone.
Galen's number two,
who is he?
CHIBS:
Connor.
What about him?
Deliver him,
and then I'll
let your man go free.
I can't do that.
Then I cannot let
your man live.
Starting a war
drains both sides.
I am not starting it.
I am joining it.
[SHOUTING IN CHINESE]
JAX:
Let's reach out to Marks.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
[POUNDING ON DOOR]
Jesus.
We're not open yet.
NERO:
Lyla.
He's all right.
FIASCO: Can we can talk?
In here.
Have a seat.
What's going on?
I gotta lay it out for you,
hermano.
It's been coming
for a while.
All right,
I'm listening.
The Byz Lats.
I'm afraid
we're about done.
Done?
Heh, what you talking about?
Look, when that shit went down
with you and Renaldo
you blowing him away?
It was crazy. But I was,
like, "Okay, it's all right.
Our OG is back in charge."
[SPEAKS IN SPANISH]
Maybe we can show weight,
start recruiting.
Hey, nobody made no promises
about growing.
It ain't about growing
anymore.
It's about staying alive.
You bailed on us,
jefe.
Look, I know you got Diosa
with the MC
and you're all hooked up
with Teller's mom and shit,
but we got business too,
ése
and you ain't been anywhere--
Hey, hey, hey!
I just got rung out for a
murder that I didn't do.
All that bullshit with Arcadio,
that pendejadas.
I got heat from the DA.
Check it, Fiasco, because
I feel like I'm drowning here.
We're all drowning here
ever since you met the Sons.
Look, I know
we need alliances.
But this club, they ain't been
nothing but problems.
Crew feels the same way.
So, what?
You want me to move off?
That's why you're here?
No, no. It ain't like that.
You gonna take it?
Look, we got nada but respect
and love for you.
Truth is, you step off, holmes,
we are most definitely dead.
Marcus Alvarez
he reached out, wants to talk
to you. Thinks he can help us.
Help us how?
Come on.
I mean, I'm all good
with the Mayans,
but that's Oakland,
holmes.
Just talk to him.
Hear him out.
The guys like the idea
of brown helping brown.
You don't at least sit down
with him,
crew reads that like
you don't give a shit.
Then it's over, eh?
I can't hold
them together.
[NERO SPEAKS IN SPANISH]
NERO [IN ENGLISH]:
All right. Set it up.
[SPEAKS IN SPANISH]
Hey, sweetie.
What you making?
[GEMMA CHUCKLES]
You know, Wayne's out
in the dining room
playing with your Legos.
I bet he could use some help
building that new clubhouse.
Does he talk
to you at all?
Not really.
He misses his mom.
Green tea.
You hungry?
Uh-uh.
No. Thanks.
Can't hold anything down.
This nausea's worse
than my headache.
Well, we gotta check
you in by noon tomorrow.
You want me to call your girl,
have her bring your stuff?
There is no girl.
She went back to Frisco.
Back to her ex.
Sorry.
Well, do you want me to
send Wayne over to your place,
pick up whatever you need?
Yeah. Sure.
Okay.
Gemma. I don't get it.
I mean, I appreciate all this
help, I just need to understand.
Is this all some kind
of power play?
Helping me to hurt Tara?
There's a pretty good chance
that Tara's going to jail.
So she don't need
any more hurt.
But I'm gonna need
some help.
It's been brought
to my attention
I'm not as spry as
I used to be.
And you want me
to help you?
Well, I can't afford a nanny
so my options are limited.
I got Uncle Cancer
out there
I got some half-bright
crow-eaters
reeking of cum
and Tig's aftershave
and I got the junkie mom.
Wow.
I feel special.
You betrayed me.
But you bought it back.
And you paid the price.
And I know how much
you love that boy.
Jax is never gonna
let me near Abel.
I'll work on Jax.
You just get cleaned
get yourself back on track.
And go back to dick.
Girls are shit.
Hey, I need some
more supplies.
I have to head back
to St. Thomas.
Rat will go with.
I'd be lost without
him.
Anything we need to
do for Bobby?
TARA:
Don't let him die.
He'll be okay. Let's go.
RAT BOY: Mm.
Yes, ma'am.
Really?
Doctor's orders.
Sit down.
So I guess it played out
the way it was planned.
Clay.
Yeah.
Other than Gemma and Tara
being there.
It had to happen, brother.
Why'd you change
your mind?
Vote yes this time?
Clay deserved the mayhem
for what he did.
I never had any doubt
about that.
But the first time,
just wasn't best for the club.
It was no good for Jax.
But this time,
it made sense.
Yeah.
I don't believe
I gotta do this.
[MOANING]
When was the last time
you had your dick sucked?
I don't think
you're up to it, brother.
[LAUGHING AND COUGHING]
Just, uh, go to Diosa,
shithead.
Get a massage, drop a few Oxy,
get some head.
You need to unwind, man.
You're making
everybody nervous.
Especially me.
I'll be fine.
It ain't a suggestion.
Just go.
West.
Ow.
You're gonna need to hold
my dick while I piss.
You're gonna need two hands.
Is he serious?
JUICE: Yeah.
He's huge.
You're gonna need both hands.
BOBBY:
Come on.
I ain't got all day.
Get the seat.
[URINE TRICKLING]
[NERO SPEAKS IN SPANISH]
NERO [IN ENGLISH]:
Good to see you, Marcus.
You too, Nero.
Thanks for making the time.
Yeah, it's all good.
I gotta say though,
I'm a little more than curious
about your offer
to my boy Fiasco.
Mayans helping Byz Lats,
how's that work?
Shit that happens in Oaktown
don't stay in Oaktown.
It affects everyone.
What shit is that?
Hey, we got a delicate
balance.
Us, Niners,
Chinese, Italians.
We all got our piece
and we all got our boundaries.
And we all get our guns
from Samcro.
Same price, same quality.
By the nature of the business,
MC became the de facto referee.
And Jax embraced that.
But not anymore.
That's right.
You see, Sons pulling
out creates a void.
Not just in guns,
but in power.
Word is Jax is handing
over the Irish guns
to August Marks.
And that move gives black
a lot of weight, ése .
Upsets the balance.
Makes it a real problem
for all of us.
[SPEAKS IN SPANISH]
Have a meet with the MC,
work it out.
Jax should've thought
of that
before he started
killing people.
Not my meeting to call.
Now I gotta sit down
with the Chinese
and see
what my options are.
Why are you telling me
all this?
You got a relationship, ése.
Business partner.
I'm just Teller's
business partner.
We're moving
a little pussy.
I ain't got no say in what
he does with his club.
Mayans are starting up
a charter up in Stockton.
I got 20 members from Vegas
and Oakland gonna make the jump.
Things play out in Oaktown
the way I think
it's gonna be brown and yellow
against black and white.
Now, I know that puts you
at odds with Teller
and your own streets,
ése.
Jesus, that's the way
it's gonna go down?
Just giving you a heads-up,
that's all.
Best we stay neutral.
Come on, ése.
There ain't no Switzerland
in the 'hood.
Let's roll.
We got a call from one of the
guys that press our bullets.
Wahewa found the truck about
three miles from the barn.
Your guns were gone
your guys were dead.
Jesus Christ!
HUGH:
Who did it?
Lin. Had to be.
TIG:
Probably followed your truck
from here.
Took them out once they left
the county road, man.
CHIBS:
Yeah.
This is all going to shit!
This is the last thing
the Kings will wanna hear.
This is why you need
August Marks.
Without local protection,
you guys are just drunk
lambs at a wolf party.
Marks dictates
to three crews out here.
One of which is the Niners,
who got no love for the Chinese.
Talk to Marks.
At least then you got an option
to present to Roarke.
Okay.
Yeah.
Good.
I'll set it up.
What are you doing here?
West told me that you were
coming by to pick up supplies.
Figured I'd meet you
at the scene of the crime.
Wow.
How many dead babies
does it take to ruin a carpet?
What do you want, Gemma?
Wendy needs some
anti-nausea scrips.
Mmm.
I'm sorry for Wendy,
but I don't have the keys
to the pharmacy.
I can check the doctor's
lounge for samples.
Otherwise, just pick up
some Emetrol from Mort's.
GEMMA:
Okay.
How's Bobby?
Well, he's gonna be fine.
But I need to get back up there.
I need some files
for my lawyer.
And I need to casually steal
from the hospital
I no longer work for.
I'll meet you out front
in 20 minutes?
Yes, ma'am.
Mrs. Teller.
DA.
I don't remember...
Tyne Patterson.
Oh, yeah, right.
Pressing business?
Yes.
We have three sheriffs injured
yesterday in a shootout.
One killed.
Maybe you heard about it.
Yeah, I'm familiar with
some of that wreckage.
That's right.
Sorry for your loss.
No, you're not.
Well, I'm not sorry
for yours either,
so I guess we're even.
I'll meet you
in the waiting area.
All right.
Why aren't your guys
going to Stockton Med Center?
The ocular trauma specialist
here is the best in the state.
Oh, right.
Gotta have them eyes
to see the bad guys.
Ha, ha, yes, you do.
How is Mr. Padilla?
Still spreading sunshine with
the power of human connection?
Oh, yeah.
He's all about the love.
Tell him he's been
on my mind.
I will.
You have a good visit.
I'm gonna just duck into
the chapel, light a candle.
Maybe you should light two.
Raymond Bowman, ATF.
Doctor.
We should wait for her lawyer.
I didn't have time
to call him.
Um... We have to hurry.
Gemma's downstairs waiting
for me.
She's already been up here.
We've prepared
the WitSec agreement.
Included your sons.
U.S. Marshals will execute it.
TYNE:
The immunity will come
from my office.
Send it to my lawyer.
Do you have the evidence?
May I?
No.
You get it once I know both the
immunity and protection are set.
This isn't a game, Tara.
I know it's not a goddamn game.
This is my life.
Send the documents to Glender.
He says I'm protected.
I'll pick up my boys
and meet you tonight.
Well, that's not
how this is done.
We'll send an agent with you
to collect your boys--
No one is collecting my sons.
The last memory of their father
will not be of them being ripped
from his arms at gunpoint.
I'll handle it.
That's the only way you
get my cooperation.
We'll send the papers
to your lawyer.
He signs off,
you come to my office
with the boys and bullet.
Can we make that work?
Not much of a choice.
What time?
He says I should take it,
I'll be there by 6.
We'll see you then.
She hasn't made up her mind yet.
It's a big decision.
She loves Teller,
and she grew up
without a father.
Hates having to repeat
that pattern.
And what if she bails?
If she doesn't testify,
I'll bury her in court.
If she tries to run with
those boys
the MC will hunt her down
and kill her.
Yeah. It's all set up.
CHIBS: Nice.
They'll be there.
BOBBY:
I sent him to Diosa.
He's seriously twisted
and the boy needs to relax.
WEST: What's up, doc?
CHIBS: Hey, doc.
BOBBY:
Hey, that's my doc.
TARA:
Oh. That's good.
Alcohol and opiates?
Next time
I'll bring the defibrillator.
TIG:
Oh, I love me some zap
and tickle.
CHIBS:
Some what?
TIG:
Oh, yeah, like you've never
had electrodes on your sack.
CHIBS: Direct current?
TIG: Yeah. You know.
CHIBS: What does it do?
[TIG IMITATES ELECTRICITY
CRACKLING]
TIG:
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay!
[EVERYONE LAUGHING]
Bobby looks better.
TARA:
He shouldn't be drinking.
He knows.
[TARA SIGHS]
You headed home after this?
No.
We got some stuff to clean up
with the Irish.
It's gonna be a late one
for me.
The boys staying with Gemma?
Yeah.
Go say good night
if you want.
No, I should just stay here
again.
It's easier.
Okay.
After your trial,
we're gonna figure all this out.
I'm sorry.
BOBBY:
I don't know what you're doing.
CHIBS:
We do.
All right,
we should get going.
Tara's gonna stay here.
You're with us.
WEST:
Can I go? Please?
I'd rather get shot at than
have to help him piss again.
Come on, man.
We're so good together.
CHIBS:
Nice.
BOBBY:
Make it count, boys.
CHIBS:
Sure. Blow me.
Thank you.
BOBBY:
Do you wanna get me more?
TARA: Hey.
BOBBY: What?
You need to stop drinking
and get back into bed.
Yes, dear.
Come on.
Help me up with him.
[SPANISH-LANGUAGE POP MUSIC
PLAYS OVER SPEAKERS]
[ALL CHATTERING]
Hey, honey.
Business or pleasure?
Thanks. Pleasure, I think.
You okay?
I'm working on it.
I heard about
what went down yesterday.
I'm sorry.
Mm.
It's not like it
didn't have to happen.
Or he didn't have it
coming to him.
It'll be good again.
[SOBS]
I'm sorry.
I'm kind of high.
Come on.
Get undressed,
put on a robe.
I'll send someone back.
Preference?
Someone nice.
Okay.
Oh, hey, darling.
He's not back yet.
Still in Stockton?
I think so.
Look, sorry about Clay.
Yeah.
Grab a drink.
I'm getting Juice a date.
Juice is here?
Yeah.
He's a little...
undone.
Yeah, I'm sure he is.
Hi. So I've got this guy...
[GASPS]
[PANTING AND GASPING]
[BOBBY SIGHS]
[MOANS]
Thank you so much, sweetheart.
You're welcome.
You need to stay in bed
and get some rest.
Not a problem.
We love you, doc.
[JEF SCOTT'S "PICKING UP THE
PIECES" PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
How's he doing?
He's resting. I'm just gonna
wash up and do the same.
I'm exhausted.
Sounds like a plan.
♪ Picking up the pieces ♪
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
Did you talk to Roarke?
CONNOR: Aye.
It wasn't a cheerful response,
but he knows
we have limited options.
He's gonna talk
to the other Kings,
wait for my call after
the meeting.
Okay.
CONNOR:
This Marks?
JAX:
That's the boss.
[ALL YELLING]
CONNOR:
Hey!
You piece of shit, Teller.
Don't worry. It ends well.
The Kings will crucify you,
boy.
Fierce slaughtering,
every one of you.
LIN:
Mr. Connor.
Thank you for joining us.
You don't get him
until I get my guy.
[SPEAKS IN CHINESE]
[MAN SPEAKS IN CHINESE]
Happy? Heh, heh, heh.
JAX: You okay?
HAPPY: Yeah.
LIN:
Okay?
HAPPY:
Chibs.
Guns are still in the truck.
[SPEAKS IN CHINESE]
[ALL GRUNTING AND YELLING]
[MOANING]
I love you guys.
[SNIFFS]
And we love you.
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello?
Dr. Knowles, Tyne Patterson.
Have you spoken
to your lawyer?
No. Why?
He made a few tweaks,
but he likes the deal
we made for you.
Wants us to move ahead.
Okay, I'll give him a call.
We'll expect to see you by 6.
Okay.
JAX:
I told you it ends well.
What if the old man
put a bullet in my head
at first sight?
Then what?
That's your style.
Not his.
Yeah, because he would take
you back to his warehouse,
torture you for a while
then he'd slit your throat.
This is some real cowboy
shit here.
It was necessary.
Sets the Chinese back.
Lets you see what Marks
can provide.
And you answer to him?
TYLER:
Mr. Marks, like Mr. Pope,
is our benefactor.
He protects our interests.
We protect his.
We're gonna wait till
after dark
gonna park the van in front
of Lin's restaurant.
That'll make a statement.
It's good meeting you.
Aye.
See you soon.
No, you won't.
Come on, Teller,
who you kidding?
So, what does this do
to Oakland?
It unravels a little.
I'll let Marks break it down
for you. He's on his way.
Okay.
I don't care
how cute they are.
This isn't 1896.
We don't barter.
Their fur
is very valuable.
I figured we'd breed them
and make coats.
Or hats.
Little soft furry hats.
We take cash or credit.
We're missing
an opportunity.
I'm gonna choke one
of these furballs out
right in front of you.
I barely accept that.
[SOFT ROCK MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
Sorry.
My crack office manager,
wanting to trade repairs
for chinchillas.
Somehow that doesn't
surprise me.
Bad day?
Complicated.
Shit with my crew.
You wanna talk about it?
Help. Please. There's something
wrong with Juice.
GEMMA:
Oh, my God.
SANDY:
I was rubbing him down,
asked him to flip over.
Next thing
I know he's on the floor.
GEMMA:
Juice.
NERO: Hey.
Juice, sweetheart, come up.
NERO: Juice. Juice.
JUICE: Unh.
NERO:
His eyes are pinned.
Let's get him up.
GEMMA:
Come on, baby, let's go.
What did he take?
Nothing with me.
He was pretty high
when he came in.
All right, check the trash.
NERO:
Hey.
Juice. Hey, hermano, come on.
Come on, homey.
GEMMA: Juice.
SANDY: Shit.
NERO: What?
Oxy.
Oh, man, you idiot.
How many?
If they were full, six.
Let me see.
Eighties. That's bad.
GEMMA: Come on.
Should I call 911?
GEMMA & NERO: No.
Yeah. All right, give me that.
I'll hold him.
GEMMA: Give me that can.
NERO: All right, Juicy.
GEMMA:
Come on, doll.
Okay, baby, you bite me,
I'll rip your tongue out.
Come on, here we go.
[GAGGING AND RETCHING]
[GEMMA GRUNTING]
[JUICE COUGHING]
Glamorous life, mama.
That's right, baby.
Come on. Come on.
There we go.
[CAR DOORS OPENING AND CLOSING]
AUGUST:
Sorry for the bloody day,
gentlemen.
It's a shame
this had to happen.
That kind of call,
never easy
but one I'm willing to make
if I got to.
We're well aware of what you're
willing and not willing to do.
JAX:
Yeah, well, one of the things
they're willing to do
is double your network.
How does that work?
I got ties to the street.
Oakland to Reno
south to Fresno
north to the Oregon border.
Significant buyers.
If you can provide
the products
I can put them in twice
as many hands.
JAX:
And it's not just street ties.
He's got cops, judges,
council seats in his pocket.
AUGUST:
Pope Industries runs
the third-largest
charitable organization
in the state.
That's one of our
Red Cross earthquake kits
we hand out to lower-income
families.
CONNOR:
Jesus.
Of course, most of them
just got batteries and water.
How much?
AUGUST:
Half a million.
For our first order.
Four times the MC's
usual shipment.
You talk to your organization.
Let them know
I'm very serious about
being in business with them.
And if it helps, my mom's
maiden name was McDuffy.
You're just gonna leave me
here with the cash?
Partners gotta trust
each other.
Well done, McDuffy.
Heh, heh, heh.
You too, man.
Whatever, uh, happens here
you've done your part.
Trager's clear.
JAX: Thank you.
AUGUST: Yeah.
I'll let you know
what the Kings say.
All right.
Keep an eye on my money.
Him dropping that many, maybe
it was about getting high,
but that sounds like a guy
who really didn't give
a shit about waking up.
Yeah, I know.
Do me a favor,
let me talk to Juice
before you
or the girls say anything
to Jax.
Yeah. Yeah.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
He's coming around.
All right, I'll be right there.
Okay.
Yeah?
TARA: Hi.
Uh, it's Tara. I need help.
Bobby's bleeding again
and all the guys are with Jax.
They had something
with the Irish?
What happened?
Bobby was fine.
He's been drinking all day.
His blood's so thin,
his stitches opened up.
He's a mess.
I need another pair of hands.
Shit.
Okay, you need me
to bring anything?
No.
Um, is-- Is there someone
who can stay with the boys?
They can't come here.
Well, I'm at Diosa.
They're at my house with Wayne.
Okay.
Hurry. Please.
Yup, I'm on my way.
NERO:
Come on. Gotta keep drinking.
LYLA:
Drink.
NERO: Everything okay?
No, of course not.
First the little one OD's,
and now the fat one
is bleeding out.
I gotta go back up
to the cabin. I'm sorry.
We got this. Go.
Okay.
LYLA: Keep drinking.
NERO:
Come on, man.
Thank you.
Love you.
Love you, mama.
Go. We're good.
That's sweet.
Yeah. Sweet.
We should probably
get him walking around.
Get the blood moving and all.
Uh-huh. Okay.
We need you out front,
sweetheart. We're filling up.
LYLA:
Oh.
Go do your thing. I got it.
Okay.
NERO:
Juice. Hey. Come on. Get up.
We're gonna walk around, huh?
On your feet. One, two, three.
Up.
Nero.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, shit.
All right, we're gonna walk.
I'm sorry.
That's all right. We're gonna
get you well, homey.
I didn't wanna do it.
I know. I know.
Let's just walk, huh?
We'll walk.
JUICE:
Jax said it was
what I had to do.
Earn my way.
I'm sorry.
She was so pretty.
So sad.
Who was?
The kid's mom.
I did it fast.
That's what I want.
I want it that way.
Darvany?
You killed her?
Jax put that on you?
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
[SOBBING]
Put this one on top--
[KNOCKING ON WINDOW]
Oh. I'll get it.
Hey.
Hi.
Is Gemma here?
Uh, no,
I think she's with the pimp.
ABEL: Mommy.
Hi, my baby.
I'm here. Mama's here.
Come on.
ABEL:
Bye, Wendy.
UNSER:
Whoa, what are you doing, Tara?
We're gonna go get
some dinner.
All right. But, uh,
I'll have to drive you.
I wanna spend some time alone
with my boys.
Understand that.
You need to move, Wayne.
I can't.
You know that.
Tara, where are you
gonna take them?
Tara, Jes--
Jesus Christ, Tara!
Shut up!
You tell Gemma
I pulled this on you,
and you had to let me take
them. You had no choice.
Mommy, we're leaving?
Yeah, baby, we are.
How far you think
you're gonna get, Tara?
We'll be safe.
Oh, shit. Protection?
Feds?
WENDY:
What does that mean, Tara?
Did you make a deal?
TARA: Let us out, Wayne.
Doing it the other way is only
gonna be worse for them.
Let's go, sweetheart.
Abel. Abel, I'm your real
mother. Baby, I'm your mommy.
Baby, I love you, baby--
TARA: Shut up! Shut up!
[WENDY SOBBING]
[THOMAS CRYING]
TARA:
It's okay, baby. It's okay.
[SOBBING]
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello.
Yeah?
Shit!
CONNOR:
All right.
I'll tell them.
Aye.
Roarke spoke to the others.
The Kings are willing
to give Mr. Marks a try.
We'll see how the first
shipment goes.
I'm glad to hear that.
It's been an interesting road,
Jackson.
One I'm really looking forward
to getting off of.
You and me both, brother.
You take care.
Gentlemen.
Filip.
Safe travels, Con.
Aye.
Let's go.
[CHIBS SIGHS]
Well, Jackie boy,
you just advanced race relations
in Ireland by 50 years.
And half a million dollars.
[ALL CHUCKLING]
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
What's happening, Mom?
Gemma called.
Said she wants you to meet her
and Jax at his house.
Sounded urgent.
Mommies have to make decisions
that are really, really hard.
To protect their children.
And sometimes people
don't like that,
and it makes them
say crazy things.
And that's what happened
tonight. I'm so sorry, baby.
You know, everything I do, Abel,
is for you and Thomas.
That's my job.
I love you guys so much.
Okay.
Should we sing some songs?
[SINGING]
♪ You are my sunshine ♪
♪ My only sunshine ♪
♪ You make me happy
When skies are gray ♪
Where are we going, Mommy?
Is Daddy gonna be there?
[JAMEY JOHNSON'S
"YOU ARE MY SUNSHINE" PLAYS]
♪ You are my sunshine ♪
♪ My only sunshine ♪
♪ You make me happy ♪
Still no answer.
♪ Skies are gray ♪
♪ You'll never know, dear ♪
♪ How much I love you ♪
♪ Please don't take my
Sunshine away ♪
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Shit.
♪ The other night, dear
As I lay sleeping ♪
♪ I dreamed
I held you by my side ♪
♪ When I awoke, dear
I was mistaken ♪
♪ And I hung my head
And cried ♪
♪ You are my sunshine
My only sunshine ♪
♪ You make me happy
When skies are gray ♪
♪ You'll never know, dear ♪
♪ How much I love you ♪
♪ So please don't take my
Sunshine away ♪
♪ You really loved me ♪
♪ And no one else
Could come between ♪
♪ But now you've left me ♪
♪ You love another ♪
♪ You have shattered
All my dreams ♪
[DOOR OPENS]
All their stuff's gone.
She took my sons.
I saw Patterson at St. Thomas.
She must've made a deal.
[GRUNTS]
I'll have my sheriffs
start looking for her.
Let me know.
♪ When skies are gray ♪
♪ You'll never know, dear
How much I love you ♪
♪ So please don't take my
Sunshine away ♪
♪ I'll always love you ♪
♪ And make you happy ♪
♪ If you will say... ♪
Tara ratted.
She took the boys.
♪ But if you leave me
To love another ♪
♪ You'll regret
It all someday ♪
♪ You are my sunshine
My only sunshine ♪
♪ You make me happy
When skies are gray ♪
♪ You never know, dear
How much I love you ♪
♪ Please don't take my
Sunshine away ♪
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]